README.md, before:

# Frontend Mentor - Product feedback app solution

This is a solution to the [Product feedback app challenge on Frontend Mentor](https://www.frontendmentor.io/challenges/product-feedback-app-wbvUYqjR6). Frontend Mentor challenges help you improve your coding skills by building realistic projects.

## Table of contents

- [Overview](#overview)
  - [The challenge](#the-challenge)
  - [Screenshot](#screenshot)
  - [Links](#links)
- [My process](#my-process)
  - [Built with](#built-with)
  - [Useful resources](#useful-resources)
- [Author](#author)

## Overview

### The challenge

The challenge is to build out this product feedback application and get it looking as close to the reference design as possible.

Users should be able to:

- View the optimal layout for the app depending on their device's screen size
- See hover states for all interactive elements on the page
- Create, read, update, and delete product feedback requests
- Receive form validations when trying to create/edit feedback requests
- Sort suggestions by most/least upvotes and most/least comments
- Filter suggestions by category
- Add comments and replies to a product feedback request
- Upvote product feedback requests
- **Bonus**: Keep track of any changes, even after refreshing the browser (`localStorage` could be used for this if you're not building out a full-stack app)

#### Expected Behaviour

- **Suggestions page**
  - Only product feedback requests with a status of `suggestion` should be shown on the Suggestions page.
- **Roadmap**
  - Feedback requests with a status of `planned`, `in-progress`, or `live` should show up on the roadmap, and should be placed in the correct column based on their status.
  - Columns should be ordered by upvote totals.
- **Creating a product request**
  - When creating a new piece of feedback, an ID needs to be assigned which increments the current highest product request ID by 1.
  - The default status for a new piece of feedback is `suggestion`. This places it on the Suggestions page.
- **Editing feedback**
  - If a piece of feedback has its status updated to `planned`/`in-progress`/`live` it moves through to the roadmap and should show up in the correct column based on its new status.
- **Add comments/replies**
  - Use the data from the `currentUser` object in the `data.json` file to populate the user data for any new comments or replies.
  - Any comment/reply can have a maximum of 250 characters.

### Screenshot

![Reference Design](./design/reference/preview.jpg)

### Links

- [Repository](https://github.com/richardcyrus/fm-rmx-product-feedback-app)
- [Live Site](https://fm-rmx-product-feedback-app.vercel.app/)

## My process

### Built with

- Semantic HTML5 markup
- CSS custom properties
- Flexbox
- CSS Grid
- Mobile-first workflow
- [Remix](https://remix.run/) - a full stack web framework
- [React](https://reactjs.org/) - JS library

### Useful resources

- [My Custom CSS Reset](https://www.joshwcomeau.com/css/custom-css-reset/)
- [A Modern CSS Reset](https://piccalil.li/blog/a-modern-css-reset/)
- [Notes on Josh Comeau’s Custom CSS Reset](https://css-tricks.com/notes-on-josh-comeaus-custom-css-reset/)
- [A Complete Guide to Flexbox](https://css-tricks.com/snippets/css/a-guide-to-flexbox/)
- [A Complete Guide to Grid](https://css-tricks.com/snippets/css/complete-guide-grid/)
- [React TypeScript Cheatsheets](https://react-typescript-cheatsheet.netlify.app/)
- [UI Events KeyboardEvent key Values](https://www.w3.org/TR/uievents-key/#named-key-attribute-values)
- [React + TypeScript: Handling Keyboard Events](https://www.kindacode.com/article/react-typescript-handling-keyboard-events/)
- [Forwarding React Refs with TypeScript](https://www.carlrippon.com/react-forwardref-typescript/)
- [Hiding Content for Accessibility](https://snook.ca/archives/html_and_css/hiding-content-for-accessibility)
- [How-to: Hide content](https://www.a11yproject.com/posts/how-to-hide-content/)
- [Visually Hidden](https://reach.tech/visually-hidden)
- [Remix: Sharing Your Index Layout with Sub-Routes](https://dev.to/pckilgore/remix-sharing-your-index-layout-with-sub-routes-2856)

## Author

- Website - [www.richardcyrus.com](https://www.richardcyrus.com)
- Frontend Mentor - [@richardcyrus](https://www.frontendmentor.io/profile/richardcyrus)

Commit message:

Handle saving of comments and comment replies

README.md, after:

# Frontend Mentor - Product feedback app solution

This is a solution to the [Product feedback app challenge on Frontend Mentor](https://www.frontendmentor.io/challenges/product-feedback-app-wbvUYqjR6). Frontend Mentor challenges help you improve your coding skills by building realistic projects.

## Table of contents

- [Overview](#overview)
  - [The challenge](#the-challenge)
  - [Screenshot](#screenshot)
  - [Links](#links)
- [My process](#my-process)
  - [Built with](#built-with)
  - [What I learned](#what-i-learned)
  - [Useful resources](#useful-resources)
- [Author](#author)

## Overview

### The challenge

The challenge is to build out this product feedback application and get it looking as close to the reference design as possible.

Users should be able to:

- View the optimal layout for the app depending on their device's screen size
- See hover states for all interactive elements on the page
- Create, read, update, and delete product feedback requests
- Receive form validations when trying to create/edit feedback requests
- Sort suggestions by most/least upvotes and most/least comments
- Filter suggestions by category
- Add comments and replies to a product feedback request
- Upvote product feedback requests
- **Bonus**: Keep track of any changes, even after refreshing the browser (`localStorage` could be used for this if you're not building out a full-stack app)

#### Expected Behaviour

- **Suggestions page**
  - Only product feedback requests with a status of `suggestion` should be shown on the Suggestions page.
- **Roadmap**
  - Feedback requests with a status of `planned`, `in-progress`, or `live` should show up on the roadmap, and should be placed in the correct column based on their status.
  - Columns should be ordered by upvote totals.
- **Creating a product request**
  - When creating a new piece of feedback, an ID needs to be assigned which increments the current highest product request ID by 1.
  - The default status for a new piece of feedback is `suggestion`. This places it on the Suggestions page.
- **Editing feedback**
  - If a piece of feedback has its status updated to `planned`/`in-progress`/`live` it moves through to the roadmap and should show up in the correct column based on its new status.
- **Add comments/replies**
  - Use the data from the `currentUser` object in the `data.json` file to populate the user data for any new comments or replies.
  - Any comment/reply can have a maximum of 250 characters.

### Screenshot

![Reference Design](./design/reference/preview.jpg)

### Links

- [Repository](https://github.com/richardcyrus/fm-rmx-product-feedback-app)
- [Live Site](https://fm-rmx-product-feedback-app.vercel.app/)

## My process

### Built with

- Semantic HTML5 markup
- CSS custom properties
- Flexbox
- CSS Grid
- Mobile-first workflow
- [Remix](https://remix.run/) - a full stack web framework
- [React](https://reactjs.org/) - JS library

### What I learned

- [Creating a recursive component](https://medium.com/@singhajendra1998/recursive-components-in-react-ac1be1110db1): This was used in the display of comments in the feedback detail view. Currently because of time and limitations in Prisma's query structure, only three levels of nesting are displayed.

### Useful resources

- [My Custom CSS Reset](https://www.joshwcomeau.com/css/custom-css-reset/)
- [A Modern CSS Reset](https://piccalil.li/blog/a-modern-css-reset/)
- [Notes on Josh Comeau’s Custom CSS Reset](https://css-tricks.com/notes-on-josh-comeaus-custom-css-reset/)
- [A Complete Guide to Flexbox](https://css-tricks.com/snippets/css/a-guide-to-flexbox/)
- [A Complete Guide to Grid](https://css-tricks.com/snippets/css/complete-guide-grid/)
- [React TypeScript Cheatsheets](https://react-typescript-cheatsheet.netlify.app/)
- [UI Events KeyboardEvent key Values](https://www.w3.org/TR/uievents-key/#named-key-attribute-values)
- [React + TypeScript: Handling Keyboard Events](https://www.kindacode.com/article/react-typescript-handling-keyboard-events/)
- [Forwarding React Refs with TypeScript](https://www.carlrippon.com/react-forwardref-typescript/)
- [Hiding Content for Accessibility](https://snook.ca/archives/html_and_css/hiding-content-for-accessibility)
- [How-to: Hide content](https://www.a11yproject.com/posts/how-to-hide-content/)
- [Visually Hidden](https://reach.tech/visually-hidden)
- [Remix: Sharing Your Index Layout with Sub-Routes](https://dev.to/pckilgore/remix-sharing-your-index-layout-with-sub-routes-2856)

## Author

- Website - [www.richardcyrus.com](https://www.richardcyrus.com)
- Frontend Mentor - [@richardcyrus](https://www.frontendmentor.io/profile/richardcyrus)
